# Set up


## Refactor Seeding

We will consolidate the seeding data into the one module/location and use the *db.js* module to seed the db. This way we can simplify the main *index.js* file of the app.

+ Locate and **delete** the following from the code in ``index.js``  in the root folder of the Express app.

```javascript
 if (process.env.seedDb) {
        loadUsers();
        removeFavourites();
    }
```
+ Delete the following imports from ``/index.js``

```javascript
import {
    loadUsers,
    removeFavourites
} from './seedData'
```

+ Update the */db.js* file as follows to import the seedData function and call them the DB is open.

```javascript
import {
    loadUsers,
    removeFavourites
} from './seedData'

...

db.once('open', () => {
    console.log(`database connected to ${db.name} on ${db.host}`);
    if (process.env.NODE_ENV === 'development') {
        loadUsers();
        removeFavourites();
    }
})
```

We can now create some unit and integration tests for the API.

## Install Testing Dependencies

All the following are development dependencies because you will just use them for testing. As such, use the ``--save-dev`` option for npm installation.

+ You need **Mocha, Should and SuperTest**. Install as development dependencies into your new lab folder as follows.

```bash
npm install --save-dev mocha
npm install --save-dev should
npm install --save-dev sinon sinon-test
npm install --save-dev supertest
```

+ You need **babel-core** and **babel-polyfill**. As we are writing code using ES6, we need to be able to transpile our unit tests using Babel. We can use the existing Babel configuration  for the lab but we need to add *babel-core* and *babel-polyfill*. Install both as a dev dependency.

```bash
npm install --save-dev babel-core
npm install --save-dev babel-polyfill
```

+ You need **Cross-Env**. ``NODE_ENV`` is an environment variable. ``NODE_ENV`` value is set to ‘test’ when we run our tests. We will also need to revert to 'development' when we're updating the code. Setting environment variables differs across Operating Systems/platforms. We also want to be able to set the value from a script. *Cross-Env* is an NPM package which uses a single command to set environment variables without worrying about the platform. Install *Cross-Env* as a development dependency:

```bash
npm install save-dev cross-env
```

## Mockgoose

**Mockgoose** will allow us to test the code in isolation from MongoDB.

+ Install Mockgoose as a development dependency:

```bash
npm install --save-dev mockgoose
```
