# Assignment 2 Specification: Express API

Objective: Demonstrate your knowledge of API's, Express, Mongoose, Authentication by developing an extension of the Movies API and integrate it with your Express app from Assignment 1.

Completion date: End of Semester.

**Deliverables:**

+ GitHub repo - must contain credible log history and a README based on the provided template.
+ Short video demonstrating and explaining your app( Can be included as part of Video for Assignment  1)
+ Zoom meeting for Q and A (if required).

** You must commit and push your work at every work session. Commit message must summarize the work performed. Commits can be work-in-progress.

** The README must be a complete and accurate documentation of the work you have carried out.

## Grading spectrum

### Good (40-50%).
**Theme:** Foundation skill set.

**Characteristics:** Basic new features developed.

**Features (All of the following):**

2 new API routes, including a parameterised URL.
Mongo integration.
Minimal React App integration(GET and POST data to API)

### Very Good (50-70%).
**Theme:** Confident developer.

**Characteristics: **Good API design and implementation inspired by TMDB api. Extensive work done with API to support React App. Some unique and well conceived functionality included.

**Features (All of the following):**

Coherent API design and modelling supporting full manipulation of resources.
Nested Document and/or object referencing in Mongo/Mongoose.
Custom validation using Mongoose.
Basic Authentication and protected routes.
Good use of express middleware (e.g. Error handling).
Substantial React App integration. 

### Excellent (70-90%)
**Theme:** Independent learner.

**Characteristics:** Can understand and use techniques and technologies not covered in the labs/lectures.

**Features (Some of the following):**

Advanced authentication/verification to accomplish richer functionality.
Excellent use of 3rd party tools,services and modules.
Full API documentation (Swagger/openAPI)
Logging
Unit Testing

## Outstanding (90+)
**Theme:** Exceptional ability.

**Characteristics:** Fully functional end-to-end solution providing novel features and extensive features similar to TMDB api, and more.

**Features(example):**

Live hosting, analytics, Movie recommender based on user's favourites.

---------------------------

# TMDB endpoints.

See [here][tmdb] for details.

__Discover__

+   Lots of query string options for more precise requests.
   e.g.

      `https://api.themoviedb.org/3/discover/movie ?api_key=[......]&language=en-US&primary_release_year=...&certification=....&page=1`


 +   Have a web form to select options

__Movies__
+    Details
+    Reviews
+    Upcoming
+   Credits (Cast and Crew)
+    Similar movies
+    Latest
+    Now playing
+    Recommendations
+    Popular/Top rated


__People__
+    Details
+    Movie/TV credits
 +   Latest/Popular


__Trending__
+ Movies
+ People


__Certifications__

[tmdb]: https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/getting-started/introduction