# Assignment 1 specification.

Objective: Demonstrate your knowledge of the React framework and related design patterns by developing a SPA for a context of your choice or by extending the Movies fan app produced in the labs. Possible contexts to consider include productivity, social networking, e-Commerce.

Completion date: End of semester.

Deliverables:

+ GitHub repo - must contain credible log history and a README based on the provided template.
+ Short video demonstrating and explaining your app.
+ Zoom meeting for Q and A (if required).

** You must commit and push your work at every work session. Commit message must summarize the work performed. Commits can be work-in-progress.

** The README must be a complete and accurate documentation of the work you have carried out.

## Grading spectrum

### Good (40-50%).
Theme: Foundation skill-set.

Characteristics: The features developed are similar in component structure, UI style, and behavior to those developed in the labs.

Properties (All of the following):

+ UI - Dynamic and interactive; 2/3 views.
+ Routing - Includes a parameterized URL.
+ Data model - Basic attribute listing; ~2 API endpoints.
+ Storybook support.

### Very Good (50-70%).
Theme: Confident developer and creative designer.

Characteristics: Some of the features have unique characteristics in terms of component structure, UI style, and behavior. These features are well-conceived.
 
Properties (All of the following):
    
+ Data model - Nested data structures. Entity cross-referencing; >3 endpoints.
+ UI - Extensive data hyperlinking.    
+ Simple authentication; Private and Public routes.
+ Modularity - Design patterns.
+ Functionality - CRUD, Imaginative. 

### Excellent (70-90%)
Theme: Independent learner.

Characteristics: Able to adopt techniques and technologies not covered in the labs/lectures.

Properties (Some of the following):
    
+ Data management - Redux or equivalent. 
+ 3rd party authentication, e.g. Firebase.
+ UI - Responsive; Material design; Advanced Web Form processing (useForms hook).
+ 3rd party components, e.g. React draggable.
+ Data-driven web forms.
+ Other. 

## Outstanding (90+)
Theme: Exceptional ability.


Properties:

+ Rich feature-set.
+ BAAS support.
+ Other
